[DOC] Update tempo-distributed helm chart doc (#4370)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/helm-charts/tempo-distributed/get-started-helm-charts/_index.md

The `storage` block defined in the `values.yaml` file configures the storage that Tempo uses for trace storage.

The procedure below configures MinIO as the local storage option managed by the Helm chart.

> However, you can use a other storage provides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, you can use another storage provider.
```

#### Optional: Other storage options

You can enable persistent storage in the Kubernetes cluster, which has a default storage class setup.
To change the default, refer to the [StorageClass using Kubernetes documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/change-default-storage-class/).

This Helm chart guide defaults to using MinIO as a simple solution to get you started.
However, you can use a storage bucket like Amazon S3, Azure Blob Storage, or Google Cloud Platform.

Each storage provider has a different configuration stanza.
You need to update your configuration based upon you storage provider.

> Refer to the [`storage` configuration block](httpe://docs/tempo/<TEMPO_VERSION>/configuration#storage) for information on storage options.

Author: ```suggestion
Refer to the [`storage` configuration block](https://grafana.com/docs/tempo/<TEMPO_VERSION>/configuration#storage) for information on storage options.
```

      enabled: true
    http:
      enabled: true
```

For GET, the Enterprise Gateway is enabled by default, which only receives traces in OTLP gRPC and HTTP protocol.

### Optional: Add custom configurations

There are many configuration options available in the `tempo-distributed` Helm chart.

> This procedure only covers the minimum required to launch GET or Tempo in a basic deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This procedure only covers the minimum configuration required to launch GET or Tempo in a basic deployment.
```

For more information, refer to [Ingress](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress/).

{{< admonition type="note" >}}

> If you are a Linux systems and it's not possible for you set up local DNS resolution, use the `--add-host=<ingress-host>:<kubernetes-cluster-external-address>` command-line flag to define the `<ingress-host>` local address for the Docker commands in the examples that follow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a Linux system and it's not possible for you set up local DNS resolution, use the `--add-host=<ingress-host>:<kubernetes-cluster-external-address>` command-line flag to define the `<ingress-host>` local address for the Docker commands in the examples that follow.
```

Author: Very good catch on this.
